update content (images missing) (#764)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/productivity/manage-your-rules.md

1. Select the action you want to add. There is a search bar and a scroll bar to choose the action from a list.
1. A new section appears under the `Product selection` part.

Here is the [list of all the actions](get-started-with-the-rules-engine.html) you can do with the rules engine if you use the YML file import.

Depending on the action you choose, the template changes. The table below lists all the actions that you can add via the PIM interface.

#### Available actions

| Set actions  | What they do |
|---|---|
| Set categories  | Classify your products/product models in the categories you choose, and **remove** them from their former categories.  |
| Set family  | Replace your products/product models family |
| Set attribute value  | Set values to any attribute type. It will replace the former values |
| Set groups  | Set groups to your product selection (product models don't have groups)  |

> | Set associations  | Set associations to your product/product model selection (you will be able to choose the association type and the entity you want to associate : products, product models or groups)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Set associations  | Set associations to your product/product model selection (you will be able to choose the association type and the entity you want to associate: products, product models or groups)  |
```

> | Set quantified associations  | Set quantified associations to your product/product model selection (you will be able to choose the association type and the entity you want to associate : products, product models or groups, and the quantity for each)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Set quantified associations  | Set quantified associations to your product/product model selection (you will be able to choose the association type and the entity you want to associate: products, product models or groups, and finally, their quantity)|
```

| Set status  | Set a status to your product/product model selection  |

| Add actions     | What they do |
|---|---|
| Add categories  | Classify your products/product models in new categories, **without removing** them from their former categories.  |
| Add groups  | Add groups to your product selection (product models don't have groups)  |
| Add attribute value  | Add values to a multi select, a price collection, a reference entity multiple link or an asset collection attribute. It will keep the former values |

> | Add associations  | Add associations to your product/product model selection (you will be able to choose the association type and the entity you want to associate : products, product models or groups)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Add associations  | Add associations to your product/product model selection (you will be able to choose the association type and the entity you want to associate: products, product models or groups)  |
```

| Remove actions  | What they do |
|---|---|
| Remove categories  | Unclassify your product/product model selection from the chosen categories |
| Remove products from groups  | Remove your product selection from groups (product models don't have groups)  |
| Remove attribute values  | Remove values from a multi select, a reference entity multiple link or an asset collection attribute  |

| Clear actions   | What they do |
|---|---|
| Clear attribute value  | Delete values from an attribute on your product/product models selection  |
| Clear associations  | Delete all the associations of your product/product models selection  |

> | Clear quantified associations  | Delete all the quantifies associations of your product selection  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Clear quantified associations  | Delete all the quantified associations of your product selection  |
```

![image](../img/Rules_Execute.png)

> If you are editing/creating a rule in the rule edit form, you can execute it as well, clicking on `...` then `save and execute`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are editing/creating a rule in the rule edit form, you can execute it as well, just click on `...` then `Save and execute`.
```

![image](../img/Rules_BulkExecution.png)

# Duplicate a rule

> To duplicate a rule, just access the edit form of the rule you want to duplicate, then click on `...` and `Save and execute`. The creation popin opens and you can choose a code and a label for your new rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To duplicate a rule, just access the edit form of the rule you want to duplicate, then click on `...` and `Duplicate`. The creation popin opens and you can choose a code and a label for your new rule.
```

> # Define a status to a rule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Define a status for a rule
```

> Sometimes, you may need to create/update a rule, save it, but ***not*** execute it automatically, because you have to refine it for instance. To do so, you can use the `Status` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, you may need to create/update a rule, save it, but ***not*** execute it automatically, because you will need to finetune it later for instance. To do so, you can use the `Status` property.
```
